The Jones & Swanson Community Service Scholarship is a testament to the firm’s commitment to advocate for justice and foster positive change within communities. The firm wants to recognize the invaluable contributions of young people who have dedicated themselves to making a difference right where they live.


To celebrate the dreams of those community-minded students, Jones & Swanson invites incoming and current college and graduate students to apply for $2,500 in financial support. The Jones & Swanson Community Service Scholarship will support undergraduate and graduate students who’ve previously demonstrated a commitment to uplifting their neighbors.


who Is Eligible? 
Jones & Swanson wants to recognize a student whose compassion, resilience, and determination have set them apart from the rest. With that in mind, the team encourages any students that have meaningfully engaged with grassroots projects, volunteer work, or innovative community projects to submit their videos to the firm’s website.


The specific criteria for the Jones & Swanson Community Service Scholarship require students to:


Demonstrate commitment to community service
Adopt innovative approaches to positive movements
Explore opportunities to develop their leadership skills
Produce a strong academic record and/or notable academic achievements
Students must also submit evidence indicating that they’re enrolled in or accepted at an accredited college, university, or graduate school in the United States. 


So long as students agree to the scholarship’s terms and conditions and submit complete applications, the scholarship selection committee will consider their application for the Jones & Swanson Community Service Scholarship.


how Do I Apply?
If you want to apply for the Jones & Swanson Community Service Scholarship, make sure you fulfill the eligibility requirements listed above. We require applicants to complete:


A one to two-minute video
The scholarship application form on Jones & Swanson website
The scholarship video must meet all of the requirements listed below. Students must upload their videos to YouTube as unlisted videos before including a link to that unlisted video in their scholarship application form.


In addition, we then encourage you to fill out the application form on this page. Then upload a link to your unlisted scholarship application video to complete your application.


scholarship Video Topic
When applying for the Jones & Swanson Community Service Scholarship, the scholarship committee encourages you to create a video answering the following questions:


How have you engaged in meaningful community service?
What leadership skills have you developed through that engagement?
How do you intend to foster positive change with your continued work in community development?
Your video should be between one and two minutes in length. For your application to be eligible, make sure you include the following information in your video:


Your full name and the name of the scholarship you’re applying for, mentioned either at the beginning of the video or at the end
Credits for stock video footage, interviews, and other additions, if applicable
Sources for information shared and/or media editing tools used to improve the quality of your content
You are not required to use tools like Adobe Creative Cloud to modify your video, but we encourage you to shoot the video in a well-lit area and to make the video as visually engaging as possible.


use Of Ai In Videos
We also require you to restrict your use of additional content to copyright-free content. You may use AI to generate additional footage, but AI may not help you modify your voice or create imitations of other people. Likewise, you must create your own script for your video – the use of AI will result in your disqualification from the application pool.


application Deadline
Students have until June 15, 2026, to submit their finalized videos and scholarship applications to Jones & Swanson. The scholarship selection committee will not consider applications submitted after the submission deadline passes.


The firm reserves between one and three months to select a scholarship winner, depending on the size of the applicant pool. We will only communicate with the winning students. 


Please do not contact Jones & Swanson regarding your application. The selection committee operates independently of the firm.


terms And Conditions
All applicants to this scholarship must meet the eligibility requirements as laid out on the scholarship application page, including: 


Applicant must be enrolled at a college, university, or graduate school
Applicant must be at least 18 years old at the age of enrollment
Applicant must have residency in the United States
Applicant must be in good academic standing
Applicants must submit some personal information, including name, a photograph for the announcement, contact information, and academic information. 
Applicants must author an original video on the scholarship topic provided. 
Anyone who meets the following conditions is NOT eligible to apply: 


Employees or children of employees of Jones & Swanson
Past recipients of the Jones & Swanson Community Service Scholarship
Applicants who are unable/unwilling to be interviewed by a representative of Jones & Swanson if they were to be awarded a scholarship. 
Applicants who submit the same video for multiple scholarships or for multiple years in a row
selection & Award Notification Process
The Jones & Swanson Community Service Scholarship not only provides financial support to recipients but also offers mentorship, networking opportunities, and resources to help them further their projects and initiatives. Through this scholarship, we aim to empower grassroots leaders to continue making a meaningful impact in their communities and beyond.


Age, race, religion, gender, national origin, familial status, or other protected classes will have no influence on the committee’s decision.


A representative of Jones & Swanson will reach out to a winning student no later than June 15, 2026. That student can then expect the firm to work with the student’s university to apply the scholarship funds to the student’s upcoming fees. The firm will not communicate with non-winning applicants.


Jones & Swanson reserves the right to discuss the scholarship winner’s achievements on its site through blog posts and a press release. 


previous Winners
Students will first have the opportunity to apply for the Jones & Swanson Community Service Scholarship until June 15, 2026. The team with Jones & Swanson looks forward to celebrating future winners’ achievements through blog posts and press releases.


2025 Winner: Cana Brooks
At Jones & Swanson, we understand that building stronger communities requires more than legal representation—it requires genuine care, collaboration, and action. That’s why we’re proud to offer this scholarship to individuals who embody the spirit of community service as we hope to build lifelong relationships founded on improving the community we call home.


We look forward to receiving your application.