About The GEM Fellowship Program:


GEM offers MS and Ph.D. level students an outstanding opportunity and access to dozens of the top Engineering and Science firms and Universities in the nation. The GEM Fellowship was designed to focus on promoting opportunities for individuals to enter industry at the graduate level in areas such as research and development, product development, and other high level technical careers. GEM also offers exposure to a number of opportunities in academia.


About the Program


The objective of this program is to promote the benefits of a masters degree within industry. GEM Fellows are provided practical engineering summer work experiences through an employer sponsor and a portable academic year fellowship of tuition, fees, and a stipend which may be used at any participating GEM Member University where the GEM Fellow is admitted. The following financial package is for GEM Fellowships beginning in the Fall or later (i.e., not retroactive for GEM Fellows who began their GEM Fellowship before the Fall). Please note that University / Associate Fellows are nominated by the University, not selected by the applicant.


Benefits


Employer Fellows (All applicants must be available for selection by an employer) – University Sponsorship required
Minimum $16,000 total stipend over the entire Master’s program –  The terms and conditions of the living stipend will be found on the University Support Agreement signed in the eGEM system.
Up to two paid summer internships with a GEM Employer Member
Full tuition and fees provided by a GEM University Member
*The GEM Member University will provide a financial contract at the time the GEM Fellowship is confirmed per this recommended distribution of the GEM Employer contribution.
University / Associate are nominated by the university, not chosen by the applicant.


University Fellows
Full tuition and fees provided by the GEM Member University
Associate Fellows
Full tuition and fees provided by the GEM Member University
At least $8,000 stipend per year provided by the GEM Member University For Master Student
At least $16,000 stipend per year provided by the GEM Member University For PhD Student
Program Eligibility
Must be a senior, or graduate of an accredited engineering or computer science program at the time of application.
Must have a minimum cumulative grade point average of 2.8/4.0.
Must contractually agree to intern for two summers with sponsoring GEM Employer, beginning the Summer after sponsorship.


General Eligibility
Citizenship:
Applicants must be a U.S. citizen or U.S. permanent resident at time of application.


GRE:
Applicants are strongly encouraged to take the GRE to qualify for multiple GEM Member University programs.  Although NOT required.  Applicants can submit scores only if applicant have them on or before the GEM application deadline.  GEM will accept GRE scores after the GEM application deadline.


University Graduate Program: Applicants must directly apply to a minimum of three (3) GEM Member Universities STEM graduate departments. The deadline to apply to three GEM Member Universities is January 15th OR the relevant STEM graduate department deadline, whichever is earlier. Applicants must be admitted into a GEM Member University graduate program with confirmed department funding support before the GEM Fellowship is awarded.


Eligible Disciplines
Included, But Not Limited To


Aeronautical Engineering
Aerospace
Agricultural Engineering
Analytical Chemistry
Anatomy
Automotive
Biochemistry
Bioengineering
Biology
Biomedical Engineering
Chemical Engineering
Chemistry
Civil Engineering
Computer Engineering
Computer Science
Data Science
Electrical Engineering
Environmental Engineering
Environmental Science
Industrial Engineering
Information Systems
Inorganic Chemistry
Manufacturing Engineering
Materials Engineering
Materials Science
Mathematics
Mechanical Engineering
Metallurgical Engineering
Nuclear Engineering
Operations Research
Organic Chemistry
Petroleum Engineering
Physics
Robotics/Engineering
Structural Engineering
Systems Engineering