Headway’s Book Lovers Scholarship


A $1,500 scholarship to support students fueled by their love to reading and dedicated to advancing their education.


Share your vision for a non-fiction book that has the potential to become a timeless handbook for humanity.


About the Scholarship
Headway’s Book Lovers Scholarship aims to support students willing to achieve new heights in their education. This exclusive opportunity is available to US students seeking higher education in colleges, universities, and vocational-technical schools.


Embrace the magic of reading and transform your love for books into a stepping stone for a brighter future. Apply now!


One-time $1,500 payment awarded to the winner
Application Start: April 15, 2026


Application format: Essay OR video


Application deadline: September 15, 2026




Scholarship eligibility
Students are eligible to apply for the Scholarship provided that they:


are citizens of the United States;


are at least 16 years old;


are in their final year of high school, secondary school, (upper) secondary school graduates, current college/university undergraduates, or graduate students;


have a high school cumulative GPA of 3.0 or higher;


demonstrate leadership at school and/or in the community; and


will be enrolled in full-time undergraduate or graduate study at an accredited college, university, or vocational-technical school within the United States for the entire academic year in which the Scholarship is awarded.


The Scholarship is non-renewable. A total of 1 (one) scholarship will be awarded each year.


How to apply
The student must gather and submit all required information by September 15th, 2026, 3 pm CST. It's a competitive program, so make sure to answer all questions thoroughly, as your application will be evaluated based on the provided information.


As part of the application process, you will be asked to submit the following:


Information about you (your full name, address, and phone number; )


Paragraph about leadership: Demonstrated leadership: e.g. activities, Awards, and Honors;


Paragraph about your goals and motivation: Information about the post-secondary school you plan to attend and your educational and career goals.


A current, complete transcript of grades (academic record). Transcripts must display student name, school name, grades and credit hours for each course and term in which each course was taken.


Essay OR Video. Share your vision for an existing non-fiction book that has the potential to become a timeless handbook for humanity. The task involves presenting a well-thought-out explanation as to why the chosen book holds this significant role. You have the flexibility to express your ideas either through a written essay, limited to a maximum of 500 words, or through a video presentation on YouTube not exceeding 2 minutes in duration.


A letter of recommendation. The letter must be from a faculty or staff member at your school or a member of the community that has worked with you in a supervisory role. The letter of recommendation should be original and should not be duplicates of college recommendation letters. Applicants are not permitted to include relatives as references.