Please see below for eligibility requirements and selection criteria for specific awards. Some awards will be based on the application for admission, including their academic and/or professional achievement, while others will require additional materials beyond the standard application for admission.


Information Systems Management Program Scholarships
These merit-based scholarships are awarded to students admitted to the Information Systems Management program on the basis of their application for admission, including their academic and/or professional achievement. Recipients can also apply for a research assistantship or other part-time work opportunities to earn $5,000-$6,000 per academic year to help with non-tuition expenses.


Pittsburgh Regional Leaders Scholarships
Heinz College offers a limited number of Regional Leaders Scholarships to incoming students who have a demonstrated a commitment to the Pittsburgh community. If you are interested in a Regional Leaders Scholarship, we require that an individual who can testify to your commitment to and impact on the Pittsburgh community writes at least one of your recommendations for admission.


American Technology Fellowships
Heinz College awards a minimum scholarship of $10,000 per semester up to a full tuition scholarship to eligible students. If you are interested in an American Technology Fellowship, you must be a U.S. citizen who plans to enroll on a full-time basis and exemplifies a strong commitment to the field of IT Management.


it lab: summer security intensive (ssi) Program Fellowships
If you successfully complete the IT Lab: SSI program at Carnegie Mellon University prior to completing your bachelor's degree and are admitted to the Information Systems Management program, you may be awarded a scholarship ranging from one-half tuition to full tuition.


excellence in Technology Fellowships
Heinz College offers a limited number of half-tuition Excellence in Technology Fellowships each year. These fellowships are awarded to exceptional students joining the Information Systems Management program. Awards will be based on the student’s potential for excellence and leadership in the field of information technology and management.


Deliberative Discourse Fellowship
Each year, Heinz College awards an additional $2,000 per semester scholarship to the Deliberative Discourse Fellow (DDF), who will be an incoming student who exemplifies a strong commitment to fostering spaces that encourage diverse opinions and perspectives, while working towards reducing polarization. The recipient will work with Heinz College's SEE Office on the Deliberative Discourse Initiative and can earn $4,000-$6,000 per academic year to help with their non-tuition expenses. Preference will be given to (i) students who have been admitted to a full-time master's program at Heinz College and/or (ii) students who have demonstrated commitment to working on issues related to deliberative discourse; fostering space that facilitates diverse conversations and perspectives; and/or reduction of polarization in organizations/college campuses.  


Students who apply to Heinz College before the January 10 deadline and who are offered admission will be invited to submit the additional application for this award. 


Student Experience & Engagement (SEE) Fellowship
The SEE Fellow supports student development initiatives through research, survey and feedback development, and student experience analysis for all students at Heinz College. This fellow plays a key role in gathering insights on student engagement, well-being, and community building, contributing to the development of initiatives that enhance the overall Heinz student experience. The SEE fellow receives up to a 50% tuition scholarship for the duration of their master’s program at Heinz College. In addition to the scholarship, the SEE fellow will work as an RA. This would typically require working 5-7 hours per week (earning $17/ hour), during the fall and spring semesters. In doing so, the SEE fellow would be eligible to earn $4,000-$6,000 per academic year.


Students who apply to Heinz College before the January 10 deadline and who are offered admission will be invited to submit the additional application for this award.