Strategic Partner Scholarship Program
Heinz College has partnered with the following organizations and institutions to provide financial support to their members to help reduce the cost of attending graduate school.


No separate application is necessary to be considered for the following scholarships. To be considered, simply indicate your experience, involvement, membership, or affiliation with any of the partners listed below on your application for admission to Heinz College. If you do not list the partner(s) on your application, you will not be eligible for the award at a later date.


Affiliation with more than one of our partners does not increase the total available scholarship award. Please note that students who are eligible for more than one of our scholarships with a guaranteed minimum may not be entitled to the minimum award amount for the second scholarship.


Are you affiliated with one of our strategic partners? Did you attend college at one of our Education Partner schools? Watch our video to learn more about our scholarships and learn more about what other financial resources are available to help support your graduate studies.


Foundational Partners


If you are affiliated with one or more of Heinz College's Foundational Partners and enroll in one of Heinz College's full-time graduate degree programs, you are eligible to receive a minimum scholarship equal to 50% and up to 100% of tuition*. Please see below for a list of our Foundational Partners.


List of Foundational Partners
AmeriCorps - VISTA


Chicano Latino Youth Leadership Project (CLYLP) - Comcast Fellows


City Year


Congressional Hunger Center (CHC) Food Security Fellowship Program


Coro Fellowship Program


Fulbright Scholar Program


Peace Corps Paul D. Coverdell Fellowship Program


Teach For America (TFA)


Strategic Partners


If you are affiliated with one or more of Heinz College's Strategic Partners and enroll in one of Heinz College's full-time graduate degree programs, you are eligible to receive a minimum scholarship equal to 30% and up to 100% of tuition*. Please see below for a list of our Strategic Partners.


List of Strategic Partners
The ALLIANCE for Media Arts and Culture


AmeriCorps - State and National members and National Civilian Community Corps


Americans for the Arts


Aspen Music Festival and School - seasonal employees


Association of Latino Professionals For America


Beta Gamma Sigma


The Bonner Foundation - scholars, leaders, and alumni


Chicano Latino Youth Leadership Project (CLYLP) - alumni


Coding it Forward


Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute (CHCI) Fellows


Govern for America (GFA)


Information Systems Security Association (ISSA)


International Society for the Performing Arts (ISPA)


Japanese Exchange & Teaching (JET) Alumni Association (JETAA)


Lead For America


Leadership Pittsburgh Inc. (LPI)


McNair Scholars Program


Pittsburgh Fellows


Pittsburgh Human Resources Association


The Pittsburgh Promise


Pittsburgh Technology Council


Pittsburgh Young Professionals


Roosevelt Institute


Tilting Futures


Harry S. Truman Scholarship Foundation 


Women in CyberSecurity (WiCyS)


Regional and National Education Partners
If you are a current undergraduate student or graduate of one the following colleges or universities and enroll in one of Heinz College's full-time graduate degree programs, you may be eligible to receive a minimum of 30% and up to 100% of tuition* in scholarship support as a result of your undergraduate affiliation. Please see below for a list of our Regional and National Education Partners.


List of Regional and National Education Partner Schools


Albright College


Allegheny College


Austin College


Brigham Young University


Carnegie Mellon University


Denison University


Earlham College


Franklin & Marshall College


Grove City College


Hollins University


Ohio Wesleyan University


Point Park University


Saint Vincent College


Thiel College


University of Nebraska - Lincoln, Raikes School of Computer Science and Management


University of the Virgin Islands


Washington & Jefferson College


Weber State University


Westminster College (PA)


Wilson College