The Stuckey Firm Scholarship
The Stuckey Firm Scholarship reflects our commitment to supporting students who value critical thinking, civic responsibility, and access to justice, offering a $2,500 award to help one standout applicant pursue their academic goals.


Thank you to all of the entrants of our 2025 The Stuckey Firm Scholarship, which is now closed. The winner will be notified on this page shortly. The next round is expected to begin in November 2025.


Opportunity Backed by Purpose
The Stuckey Firm, LLC, takes pride in supporting its community. Our efforts supporting local sports teams have helped us connect with ambitious students from all walks of life. Now, we want to take our service one step further. Beginning in 2025/2026, current and incoming college students may apply for the firm’s $2,500 scholarship.


The Stuckey Firm Scholarship asks students to think critically about a jury’s influence on injury cases. We want students to create videos detailing their opinions on whether injury cases’ juries should be larger or more restricted.


Applicants have until June 15, 2026, to complete their scholarship applications. The Stuckey Firm, LLC, looks forward to helping one standout student pursue their academic goals.


Who Is Eligible?
The Stuckey Firm, LLC, invites any party meeting the following criteria to apply for its academic scholarship:


Students accepted at or enrolled in accredited United States colleges, universities, and/or graduate schools
Students who agree to the scholarship’s terms and conditions
To qualify for this scholarship, students must submit proof that they currently attend or intend to enroll at an applicable university.


How Do I Apply?
Students interested in applying for The Stuckey Scholarship can:


Draft a script answering the scholarship’s question
Record a video answering the scholarship’s question
Edit their video (optionally)
Submit their video and other application materials to The Stuckey Firm, LLC, before the application deadline passes
Make sure you have all of your relevant materials before submitting your scholarship application to The Stuckey Firm, LLC. The firm will not consider incomplete applications.


Scholarship Video Topic
Students applying for The Stuckey Firm, LLC’s scholarship must create a short video answering the following question:


Should the right to a jury trial be expanded or restricted in injury cases?
The firm encourages students to cite relevant sources when arguing their positions. Please keep videos between two and three minutes in length. Upon completing a video, an applicant can submit that video to their YouTube account as an unlisted upload. Students can then include a link to that unlisted video alongside their application form.


Tips and Tricks for Video Creation
We want all students applying for The Stuckey Firm Scholarship to submit well-crafted videos for consideration. It’s with that standard in mind that we encourage students to:


Hold their recording device of choice as still as possible
Record in well-lit, non-echoing environments
Include their full name and the name of The Stuckey Firm Scholarship at the beginning of their video
Use copyright-free material to supplement their scripts
Include credits and information about media editing tools in the video description or at the end of the video
While we encourage students to explore their creativity through the use of editing tools like Adobe Creative Cloud, the use of editing tools will not impact a student’s eligibility. In other words, The Stuckey Firm, LLC will not take a student’s editing ability into account when awarding its scholarship.


Use of AI When Creating Scholarship Videos
Students may not use AI to generate video scripts, create fake actors, automatically generate their scholarship applications, or modify their voices. Any student caught doing so will be automatically disqualified from consideration for The Stuckey Firm, LLC’s scholarship. However, students may use AI to generate a video’s B-roll footage.


Banner media
Application Deadline
Students must complete and submit their videos by June 15, 2026. The Stuckey Firm, LLC, cannot accept scholarship applications submitted after this deadline, and the firm’s scholarship selection committee will not consider incomplete applications.


The firm reserves up to three months to select a winner from its applicant pool. Please do not contact The Stuckey Firm, LLC, to check on the status of a student’s application during this time. The firm cannot answer questions about a student’s application or its scholarship. A representative will reach out if the firm needs more information about a student’s qualifications.