What Will Be Your Trademark? Scholarship Contest
Mandour-trademark-scholarship We are aware that students at colleges across the country experience not just significant debt but also things we typically don’t associate with students like homelessness and hunger.  Other students may have overcome significant life adversity.  The Mandour & Associates, APC “What will be your Trademark?” Scholarship exists to help alleviate whatever financial burdens may stand in the way of a student thriving, not just surviving.


Overview
Our annual scholarship awards a student with $2,500 which can be used for any expenses associated with a college education. This can include rent, food, clothing, books, technology, tuition, or paying off loans.


The scholarship will be awarded to the community college, college, graduate school, or law school student with the best story of what their “trademark” will be in life.  In other words, when your career is over, what will you be known for?


Eligibility Rules
Applicants must be either out-going high school seniors or students currently enrolled in a community college, trade school, university, graduate program, or medical or law school.
You must submit an essay and resume by June 10, 2026
 


Apply
To Apply, please send an email here: mandour@mandourlaw.com titled “Trademark Scholarship” with your resume attached as a PDF and your 500 word or less essay in the body of your email.  Please do not attach word documents or anything other than the single PDF.


By applying for the scholarship, you give your consent for us to use your name and city in the event you are chosen as the winner.


 


Trademark Scholarship FAQ
What is the topic of the scholarship essay?


We want students to consider what they will be known for when their career is over.  We want to know what your personal brand will be, how you will impact society, and how the $2500 will help you achieve your goals. Essays should be kept to 500 words or less.


What is the deadline for submission?


Emails must be received by June 10, 2026.


When will the winner be selected and notified?


A winner will be selected and notified by July 15, 2026.


What are the terms?


There is no fee to apply to this scholarship or for the winning applicant to claim their award.  The scholarship is available on a yearly basis and is non-renewable.   Applicants retain all rights to their essay and applicant emails will not be used for any marketing purposes.  Mandour & Associates will not knowingly sell, share, rent, or otherwise transfer any information submitted.  Applicants will not be contacted regarding anything other than their application and information submitted will be destroyed upon request.   Please do not follow up on your submission.  All information (resume, essays, and email) relating to applicants is deleted as soon as a winner is paid.